a lot of children you know a lot of kids
want to be NBA players when they grow up
but let's not get ourselves that
probably isn't gonna happen for most of
them it's important to be honest with
kids but it's even more important that
they are honest with us and that is
where Jimmy Kimmel Live detective goes
to work hi there how you doing nice to
meet you
that's the truth fairy go ahead and have
a seat right there how are you you
having a fun day Wow
yeah I'm officer Jimmy it's very nice to
meet you have you ever met a police
officer before yeah have you ever taken
a lie-detector test before you have okay
good then you're gonna be an old hand at
this so um the truth fairy's gonna go
ahead and put these things on your
fingers
he's gonna hook you up now we're gonna
put this helmet on you have you ever
worn a helmet before like Iron Man right
yeah and I'm gonna ask you some
questions and all you have to do is tell
me the truth okay Wow
do you know what the truth is yeah okay
perfect then what is your name Aaron how
old are you far do you go to school
Wow okay do you like school mm-hmm do
you have a girlfriend whoa whoa what is
her name
Mia how old is Mia oh he's fragile she's
for two have you ever kissed Mia yeah
you have did you kiss her on the lips
okay do you think you might marry Mia
you do is Mia a monkey girl she's a girl
a human girl okay
have you ever been to space
okay I'm gonna ask that again have you
ever been in to space
okay the machine is saying no when did
you go to space for five days and where
did you go to the moon Wow uh-huh and
did you have fun on the moon what kind
of things did you do on the moon playa
well that's very interesting will you go
to the moon again soon Wow okay do you
have any pets at home what do you have
oh that boat you have a sheep and a
hippo something went crazy here
is this a real hippo what is this a
stuffed hippo oh thank you it's a
pretend hippo okay you ever pick your
nose you did sometimes right and then do
you ever eat it yes you did okay good
all right well thank you very much Aaron
I appreciate your time the truth fairy's
gonna unhook you now and take the helmet
off you will see on the moon okay
[Music]
[Applause]